lib: pdn: add `pdn_esm_strerror()` (#8021)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

>     * Added:
> 
>       * Automatically subscribe to ``+CNEC=16`` and ``+CGEREP=1`` if the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library is used to change the modem's functional mode.
>       * Added the :c:func:`pdn_esm_strerror` function to retrieve a textual description of an ESM error reason. The function is compiled when enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PDN_ESM_STRERROR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Automatically subscribe to ``+CNEC=16`` and ``+CGEREP=1`` if the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library is used to change the functional mode of the modem.
    * Added the :c:func:`pdn_esm_strerror` function to retrieve a textual description of an ESM error reason. 
      The function is compiled when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PDN_ESM_STRERROR` Kconfig option is enabled.
```
